Security.md, before:

# Security Policies and Procedures

This document outlines security procedures and general policies for the Express
project.

  * [Reporting a Bug](#reporting-a-bug)
  * [Disclosure Policy](#disclosure-policy)
  * [Receiving Security Updates](#receiving-security-updates)
  * [Comments on this Policy](#comments-on-this-policy)

## Reporting a Bug

The Express team and community take all security bugs in Express seriously.
Thank you for improving the security of Express. We appreciate your efforts and
responsible disclosure and will make every effort to acknowledge your
contributions.

Report security bugs by emailing security@expressjs.com. Email to this address
is delivered to a subset of the core team who handle security issues.

The security team will acknowledge your email within 24 hours, and will send a
more detailed response within 48 hours indicating the next steps in handling
your report. After the initial reply to your report, the security team will
endeavor to keep you informed of the progress towards a fix and full
announcement, and may ask for additional information or guidance.

Report security bugs in third-party modules to the person or team maintaining
the module. You can also report a vulnerability through the
[Node Security Project](https://nodesecurity.io/report).

## Disclosure Policy

When the security team receives a security bug report, they will assign it to a
primary handler. This person will coordinate the fix and release process,
involving the following steps:

  * Confirm the problem and determine the affected versions.
  * Audit code to find any potential similar problems.
  * Prepare fixes for all releases still under maintenance. These fixes will be
    released as fast as possible to npm.

## Receiving Security Updates

Security notifications will be distributed via the following methods.

  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/express-js
  * http://blog.strongloop.com
  * http://expressjs.com/advanced/security-updates.html

## Comments on this Policy

If you have suggestions on how this process could be improved please submit a
pull request or email security@expressjs.com to discuss.

Commit message:

build: move repository to expressjs

Security.md, after:

# Security Policies and Procedures

This document outlines security procedures and general policies for the Express
project.

  * [Reporting a Bug](#reporting-a-bug)
  * [Disclosure Policy](#disclosure-policy)
  * [Receiving Security Updates](#receiving-security-updates)
  * [Comments on this Policy](#comments-on-this-policy)

## Reporting a Bug

The Express team and community take all security bugs in Express seriously.
Thank you for improving the security of Express. We appreciate your efforts and
responsible disclosure and will make every effort to acknowledge your
contributions.

Report security bugs by emailing the lead maintainer in the Readme.md file.

The lead maintainer will acknowledge your email within 48 hours, and will send a
more detailed response within 48 hours indicating the next steps in handling
your report. After the initial reply to your report, the security team will
endeavor to keep you informed of the progress towards a fix and full
announcement, and may ask for additional information or guidance.

Report security bugs in third-party modules to the person or team maintaining
the module. You can also report a vulnerability through the
[Node Security Project](https://nodesecurity.io/report).

## Disclosure Policy

When the security team receives a security bug report, they will assign it to a
primary handler. This person will coordinate the fix and release process,
involving the following steps:

  * Confirm the problem and determine the affected versions.
  * Audit code to find any potential similar problems.
  * Prepare fixes for all releases still under maintenance. These fixes will be
    released as fast as possible to npm.

## Comments on this Policy

If you have suggestions on how this process could be improved please submit a
pull request.
